Gentleman I don't know what gentleman I have
He said your gentleman is extraordinary
Able to rise above the four major families
So he didn't kill you.
All I know is that I have been an orphan since I was a child
Sent up the mountain to study medicine with the master
What can I do?
You want to figure out
You can go to the Duan family, Mr. Duan
I heard the man say
Big brother, your grandfather used to be a friend
How many years ago?
Now the matter has been exposed
Wake up without virtue
Yi Wushuang will soon find out his background
By then, our four major families
All are called death without burial
Don't worry boss
Today is the last day.
I will definitely let Ye Wushuang
Little Sun and
Put all those who deserve to have deep
Not a single one
This is your last chance
Dare to make any more mistakes
I disappear here